---
layout: post
title: "Books"
---

<br>

Hi!

Here I'll share the books that made me a great impact in my life. Some of them
inspired me to write my own book *Refactor your Mind*.

There are books out there than can change and literally save your life, so keep
reading! One of the best advices I've received is hearing this quote from Jim Rohn:

> Read all the books you need to read

Through books you'll learn from others and add all those years of experience to
your own life.


<br>

## Personal Growth

<br>

### Emotional Intelligence

{% include book_image.html file="emotional-intelligence.jpg" %}

A classic from Daniel Goleman.

### Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence

{% include book_image.html file="focus.jpg" %}

Daniel Goleman teaches us how these days we're constantly distracted. You'll
learn to focus and reduce distractions to the minimum. Also he talks about the
different types of focus.

### Gente Tóxica

{% include book_image.html file="gente-toxica.jpg" %}

¿How to deal with toxic people? You'll find answers here.

### In Praise of Idleness

{% include book_image.html file="praise-idleness.jpg" %}

Bertrand Rusell discuss how even we became more productive we still work the
same amount of hours (or even more). Written 80 years ago and still applicable
today.

### No More Mr Nice Guy

{% include book_image.html file="nice-guy.jpg" %}

Nice guys are not that good as you'll see here. They give to get among other
negative behaviors. Just for the list of rules of success this is a worth read.
See [here]({% post_url 2016-01-24-42-rules-for-success %}) my expanded list.

### On The Shortness of life

{% include book_image.html file="shortness-life.jpeg" %}

Life is not short, we make it short. Learn from Seneca how to make it longer.

### On Writing Well

{% include book_image.html file="writing-well.jpg" %}

A must read for, well, writing well.

### Remote: Office Not Required

{% include book_image.html file="remote.png" %}

In this book you'll see how working in the office kills productivity and affects the
employee's overall health as well as the benefits and common pitfalls when
working remotely.

### The 50th Law

{% include book_image.html file="50-law.jpg" %}

An incredible book by Robert Greene & 50 Cent. The most important takeaway from this
is book is to be fearless. Don't wait for the things you want to do, do them now.

### The Four Hour Work Week

{% include book_image.html file="four-week.jpg" %}

¿Need help for escaping the rat race? Take a look here.

### The God Delusion

{% include book_image.html file="god-delusion.jpg" %}

### The Millonaire-Fastlane

{% include book_image.html file="millionaire-fastlane.jpg" %}

The main takeaway I took from this book: Invest on yourself for increasing your
value & don't exchange your time for money.

### The Power of Now

{% include book_image.html file="power-of-now.jpg" %}

A must read. Eckhart Tolle teaches us how our primary purpose must be to live
in the present. That's the way for finding your inner peace.

### The Way of Superior Man

{% include book_image.html file="superior-man.jpg" %}

This one is for males, but females could benefit from this too. You'll learn great
lessons: develop your masculinity, female psychology, love & consciousness.

<br>

## NeuroScience

<br>

### Incognito: The Secret Lives of the brain

{% include book_image.html file="incognito.jpg" %}

### The Biology of Belief

{% include book_image.html file="biology-belief.jpg" %}

You're not your genes. The environment and your thinking plays a bigger role.

### The Future of the Mind

{% include book_image.html file="future-mind.jpg" %}

In this book Michio Kaku explores the brain and the things we'll be able to do
in the future. Fascinating!

### The Telomerase Revolution

{% include book_image.html file="telomerase-revolution.jpeg" %}

Telomerase might be the key for curing age related diseases and even the aging
process itself.

### Tutorial on Neural Systems Modeling

{% include book_image.html file="tutorial-neural-systems.png" %}

Great introduction into Computational Neuroscience.

<br>

## Computer Science

<br>

### Clean code

{% include book_image.html file="clean-code.jpg" %}

A must read for programmers.

### Eloquent Ruby

{% include book_image.html file="eloquent-ruby.jpg" %}

Nice book for learning not only to write good ruby code, but in any language in
general.

### Refactoring: Ruby Edition

{% include book_image.html file="refactoring.jpg" %}

Here you'll find many techniques for rewriting your code and make it look better.
Don't forget to refactor when you write code!

### The Complete Guide To Rails Performance

{% include book_image.html file="rails-performance.jpg" %}

Great insights for improving performance not only for apps made with Rails, but
for the web in general.

### The RSpec Book

{% include book_image.html file="rspec.jpg" %}

Nice introduction into BDD/TDD & RSpec.

<br>

## Nutrition

<br>

### The Four Hour Body

{% include book_image.html file="four-body.jpg" %}

If you want to lose fat or gain muscle, read this.

### The Paleo Solution

{% include book_image.html file="paleo-diet.jpg" %}

You may want to start saying goodbye to gluten and diary. Just try it by yourself and
see the results.


### Vamos a comprar mentiras

{% include book_image.html file="comprar-mentiras.jpg" %}

After reading this you'll think twice when buying something in the grocery store.

### Wheat Belly

{% include book_image.html file="wheat-belly.jpg" %}

You'll see here why wheat is so harmful for your health.
